[ADD] product_bom_revision (#570)
OCA/product-attribute: product_revision/readme/USAGE.rst

* Go to Inventory > Master Data > Products
* Create or edit a product.

> * Enter the firmware version and save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enter the product revision and save.
```

> * Check that the firmware version is saved and can be used to search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check that the product revision is saved and can be used to search.
```
